Diane, 11:30 a.m., February Twenty-fourth. Entering the town of Twin Peaks, five miles south of the Canadian border, twelve miles west of the state line. 
I've never seen so many trees in my life. As W. C. Fields would say, 
I'd rather be here than Philadelphia. 
Fifty-four degrees on a slightly overcast day. Weatherman said rain. If you could get paid that kind of money for being wrong sixty percent of the time, it'd beat working. 
Mileage is seventy-nine thousand three hundred forty-five, gauge is on reserve, riding on fumes here, I've got to tank up when I get into town. 
Remind me to tell you how much that is. 
And, I'll have the grapefruit juice, just as long as those grapefruits are freshly squeezed.
Lunch was, uh, six dollars and thirty-one cents at the Lamplighter Inn, that's on Highway Two near Lewis Fork. 
That was a tuna fish sandwich on whole wheat, slice of cherry pie, and a cup of coffee. 
Damn good food. 
Diane, if you ever get up this way that cherry pie is worth a stop. 
Looks like I'll be meeting up with the, ah, Sheriff Harry S. Truman. Shouldn't be too hard to remember that. He'll be at the Calhoun Memorial Hospital. 
I guess we're going to go up to intensive care and take a look at that girl that crawled down the railroad tracks off the mountain. 
When I finish there I'll be checking into a motel. 
I'm sure the sheriff will be able to recommend a clean place, reasonably priced. 
That's what I need, a clean place, reasonably priced. 
Oh Diane, I almost forgot. Got to find out what kind of trees these are. They're really something. 
Sheriff, what kind of fantastic trees have you got growing around here? Big, majestic. 
Douglas firs... 
Who's the babe? 
Who's the glad-handing dandy? 
Who's the lady with the log? 
I will remind you that these crimes occurred at night. 
You know why I'm whittling?
Because that's what you do in a town where a yellow light still means slow down, not speed up. 
Sheriff, that reminds me. Can you recommend to me a good, inexpensive hotel or motel?
Now it doesn't have to be fancy and I mean that. 
Because you know, I think I'm going to be here for some time, and these motels, they'll promise you a good rate and when you get there it's a whole different story. 
Now all I need is a bed, a bathroom, a telephone, and sometimes a television in the unlikely event that one day I'll get a chance to knock off early. 
Sold. Well, tomorrow comes early. 
Log Lady. 
Can I ask her about her log? 
Harry, I'm going to let you in on a little secret: every day, once a day, give yourself a present. Don't plan it; don't wait for it; just let it happen. It could be a new shirt in a men's store, a catnap in your office chair, or two cups of good, hot, black, coffee. 
Give me a donut. 
Gentlemen. When two separate evens occur simultaneously pertaining to the same object in inquiry we must always pay strict attention. 
There's over ten thousand dollars here. That's a lot of Girl Scout cookies. 
Harry, you're all right. 
A policeman's dream. 
Diane, I'm holding in my hands a small box of chocolate bunnies. 
Diane, it's 4:10 in the afternoon at the scene of the crime.
Here's something we haven't seen before: a mount of dirt.
Approximately a foot and a half in diameter. 
On the top is a gold necklace with a gold heart. Correction, half a gold heart. 
At the base of the mount of dirt is a torn piece of news print. Written with the words, which appear to be in blood: 'fire walk with me'. 
I think I saw a cottontail rabbit! 
Snowshoe. Snowshoe rabbit. 
Who's the lady with the log? 
Black as midnight on a moonless night. 
I still can't get the taste of fish-filtered coffee out of my mouth. 
You know, this is - excuse me - a damn fine cup of coffee.
I've had I can't tell you how many cups of coffee in my life and this, this is one of the best. 
Now I'd like two eggs over hard. I know, don't tell me, it's hard on the arteries, but old habits die hard, just about as hard as I want those eggs. 
Hi, Mike, Bobby. Now before we get started, have you two fellas got your stories straight? 
Oh, fellas, one more thing. Pray for the health and safety of James Hurley, because if anything happens to him, I'm coming for you. 
Sheriff, what are you sitting around for? We've got places to go and people to see. 
Harry, I really have to urinate. 
Diane, never drink coffee that has been anywhere near a fish. 
Albert's path is a strange and difficult one. 
Fellas, let's stand together for a moment. It's time I mentioned something. 
Now, I'm not sure, but I believe I was visited by a giant. Twice. In my room. 
He left me three clues. The first had to do with Jacques Renault in a body bag. It came true almost immediately. 
The second was, "The owls are not what they seem." 
The third was about a man who points without chemicals. 
I'm lying on the floor of my room. I've been shot. There is a great deal of pain and blood.
R, B, T. Harry, I believe that these letters and the Giant's clues are in some way related to this long-haired man. 
Mrs. Palmer saw him in a vision. She called this morning to say that Maddy had seen the man twice in the past two days, both times in a vision. I've seen him in my dreams.
It's not as bad as long as you can keep the fear from your mind.
Four of us have seen him in different forms. This path is a psychic link that will lead us straight to him. 
No, no. He spoke softly, distinctly. 
No, Albert, I gave him my ring. 
James, you're not gonna be charged with drug possession. The cocaine we found in your bike was planted. Probably by Leo Johnson. 
I don't want to see you down here at the station again. 
Stop trying to figure it out all by yourself. Find someone to talk to. Talk to me. 
Now go on home, James. Leave the case to me. 
Lately I've been filled with the knowledge that the killer will strike again. 
She's young, she's in high school, she's sexually active, she's taking drugs, she's crying out for help. 
Sorry to wake you. 
Don't take the ring, Laura. 
Diane, it is 4:20 PM. 
I'm standing on the bank of Wind River near the location of where the body of Teresa Banks was found. 
Diane, this case gives me a strange feeling.
The clues that were found by Special Agent Desmond and Agent Stanley have led to dead ends.
The letter that was extracted from beneath the fingernail of Teresa Banks gives me the feeling that the killer will strike again. 
But like the song goes, "who knows where, or when?" 
This must be where pies go when they die. 
Well, I'm sure he meant to do that. 
Leo... is that short for Leonard? 
Illegal U-turn... April 1986. Drunk and disorderly... November 1987. September 1988, aggravated assault. Charges dropped. 
Then I guess you don't get much sleep at night, Bernie. 
I wasn't dreaming. 
You were right about the smiling bag.
Is that bag smiling?
Where does this attitude of general unpleasantness come from? 
Well if you don't want two black eyes on a regular basis I would suggest you make some kind of peace with rural life. 
These same geese were flying that evening.
Sheriff, a picture is forming.
Laura Palmer is dead. Jacques Renault is dead. Ronette Pulaski and Leo Johnson are in comas. Waldo the bird is dead. This leaves only the third man. 
Doc, when the will is invoked, the recuperative powers of the physical body are simply extraordinary. 
Gentlemen, two days ago a young woman was found murdered by the same individual I believe responsible for the death of Laura Palmer.
Looks like a new pair of boots and a lot of cocaine.
I have reason to believe that the killer is in this room. 
As a member of the Bureau, I spend most of my time seeking simple answers to difficult questions. 
In the pursuit of Laura's killer, I have employed Bureau guidelines, deductive technique, Tibetan method, instinct, and luck.
But now I find myself in need of something new, which, forming lack of a better word, we shall call... magic. 
Laura told me. In her dream. 
How about a confession? 
What kind of fur?
Harry, don't make any calls. I need 24 hours.
Sometimes you just get lucky.
Now, Gordon. What the hell is this about a Mexican Chihuahua? 
I got four through the eyes and two through each nostril. 
Gordon, here's how it is. You know Albert. In my opinion, Sheriff Truman displayed the patience of a saint, *not* clocking him a day earlier than he did. 
File it under "F", for "forget it". 
I'll fight him all the way up the chain to Washington! 
There's no telling what we'll encounter, bringing a suspect to ground.
After Andy's mishap at the motel, I wanna make absolutely certain each of us is comfortable and confident with our firearms. 
Actually, it's standard issue. I made a few modifications. 
He's too stupid to lie. 
As you can hear from the ambience sound around me, and I notice with some relief, that the icelandic group staying on my floor has either checked or passed out. 
Diane, it is 4:28 AM. I have just been woken up by the most God-awful racket which you can probably hear over the sound of my voice. 
Up until this moment I have experienced nothing at the Great Northern Hotel but the most pleasant and courteous service imaginable.
However, it just goes to prove a point that once a traveler leaves his home he loses almost 100% of his ability to control his environment.
Diane, I was wondering if you could overnight express me a pair of pillow silicon ear plugs that I wore on my last trip to New York.
Naturally, I didn't bring them with me on this trip because I didn't think I'd be needing them. However... 
I've got the pictures to prove it. 
The truth Harry. Because that's my job. 
Audrey, you're a high school girl. I'm an agent of the FBI. 
What I want and what I need are two different things, Audrey. 
Nothing beats the taste sensation when maple syrup collides with ham. 
Damn good coffee. And hot! 
I have no defense. I am completely confident that in the rightness of my actions. Some of it occurred outside of Bureau guidelines, and I will pay the price for that. 
Roger. I know the moves I'm supposed to make. And I know the board. 
I've been doing a lot of thinking lately. And I've started to focus out beyond the edge of the board. On a bigger game. 
The sound the wind makes through the vines. The sentience of animals. What we fear in the dark and what lies beyond the darkness. 
I'm talking about seeing beyond fear, Roger. About looking at the world with love. 
Have any of you fellows head of a place called the White Lodge? 
Dweller on the Threshold. 
Heaven is a large and interesting place, sir. 
I'm going to begin today with a headstand. 
Diane, I am now upside-down. 
Fellows! I've got an idea. Why don't we let Lana and the Mayor talk things over together? Alone. 
Now Dwayne, you can always shoot later. Talk first. 
Major, I'm going to take a moment here. I feel the call of nature. There's nothing quite like urinating out in the open air. 
"J'ai une âme solitaire." I am a lonely soul. Poor guy.
The time has come for you to seek the Path. Your soul has set you face to face before the clear light ... and now you are about to experience it in its Reality, wherein all things are like the void and cloudless sky, and the naked, spotless intellect is like a transparent vacuum, without circumference or center... At this moment, know yourself and abide in that state.
A little habit can provide a strong foundation.
Surefire cure for a hangover, Harry. You take a glass of nearly frozen, unstrained tomato juice. You plop a couple of oysters in there and you drink it down. Breathe deeply. Next you take a mound and I mean a mound of sweetbreads sauteed with some Canadian bacon and chestnuts. Finally some biscuits, big biscuits, smothered in gravy. Now here's where it gets tricky, you're gonna need some anchovies.
Fellas, coincidence and fate figure largely in our lives.
Smell those trees!
24 hour room service must be one of the premiere achievements of modern civilization.
Erase it Lucy!
All things considered, being shot is not as bad as I always thought it might be, as long as you can keep the fear from your mind.
I would very much like to make love to a beautiful woman who I have genuine affection for.
There is much work to be done, but mind, body, and spirit are up to the task. Without a doubt - I'm a-OK.
In another time, another culture, he may have been a seer - a shaman priest. In our world he's a shoe salesman and lives among the shadows.
It's a good idea to leave your troubles at home when operating a vehicle.
The trail narrows, Diane. I'm very close. But the last few steps are always the darkest and most difficult.
Harry, I am honored beyond my ability to express myself.
Deputy Andy, your braveness is only exceeded by the size of your heart. A rare combination indeed.
I don't want any baloney, magic tricks, or psychological mumbo jumbo.
Thankfully, the pain retreats to a cul de sac in a distant suburb of my conscious mind.
